Create 2020-03-26-woolner-supernode.md (#284)
tomeshnet/tomesh.net: _timeline/2020-03-26-woolner-supernode.md

---
title: First Toront Community Network Super Node
date: 2020-07-23
---

> [Wooler Super Node](https://github.com/tomeshnet/toronto-community-network/issues/29#issuecomment-663516622) was installed. It consists of two LAP-120 antennas pointing West backed by a 1gbs fiber.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Wooler Supernode](https://github.com/tomeshnet/toronto-community-network/issues/29#issuecomment-663516622) was installed. It consists of two LAP-120 sector antennas pointing West and an EdgeRouter backed by a 1 Gbps fiber.
```
